# IPlan 

####by Lukas Becker
___
This Programm is, for the most part, a desktop app. A user can log in or register at the welcome screen. Depending on 
the type of user, different options for what a user can do are shown. Admins can add courses and rooms to the System, 
Teachers can wish for a date, time and room to teach and Students can inscribe to different courses. <br /> 
A  Timetable is generated by the program and can be viewed by every type of user. However, Students and Teachers 
only see courses they are associated with while administrators can view every course that exists. 
___
## Entities
- Student: 
    - Can inscribe to courses
    - Can look at a personalized timetable
- Assistant:
    - wrongfully called teacher in the Code 
    - can wish to teach courses 
    - also has a personalized timetable 
    - gets notified if course wishes are declined by an Admin (=Teacher)
- Admin: 
    - a teacher (superior to the assistant)
    - can add courses and rooms 
    - can accept or decline course wishes made by assistants 
    - sees every course in his timetable
 ___
## Milestones
Date | Description|
---|---|
02.06.|Basic Structure of Objects|
08.06.|Added Swing UI|
11.06.|Added Database Connection and more GUI|
14.06|Added a TimeTable in thymeleaf, fixed Course inscribing issue|
15.06|replaced textBoxes with dateTimePickers, implemented course wisher feature|
___
## Design Decisions

I am using a package containing the basic objects used for ORM. <br />
Hibernate is used to store the Data <br /> 
The basic UI is made as a Desktop app using Swing, I am planning to make the actual TimeTable in a website. 
For said website, I finally decided on using ThymeLeaf with SpringBoot. It creates a simple table. 
I might add some css for it later
___
## TODO
  - add timetable: Thymeleaf added, maybe css?  
  - let users edit and remove things
  - more responsiveness: threads, message boxes 
